!!!!!
Dev notes: ~/log/2012-07-23-journal-club
!!!!!

# TODO: This PLoS URL doesn't resolve correctly:
# curl -d '{"url":"http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0040503","sessionid":"2"}' --header "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:1969/web
#
# TODO: This has no DOI, has citation_arxiv_id
# curl -d '{"url":"http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.6246","sessionid":"2"}' --header "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:1969/web
# curl -d '{"url":"http://www.cell.com/retrieve/pii/S0092867412008318","sessionid":"2"}' --header "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:1969/web
#
#
# Issue: this should use PubMed\ Central.js, but that translator isn't marked as "v" (server) compatible in the repo
# curl -d '{"url":"http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2377243/","sessionid":"2"}' --header "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:1969/web

https://github.com/zotero/translation-server/blob/7e21e119cf51241a97417aa8f94ec35721f10058/src/zotero.js#L51
https://gist.github.com/3202704

PMCjs failure, but no issue filed:
http://zotero-translator-tests.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/testTranslators.html#date=2012-07-29&browser=v&version=3.0.SOURCE.cb7640a

things I could do:
  x build discussion-query API
  x spike a zotero oauth frontend.
  _ load researchblogging -- odd disconnect between citations - present in RB's html and atom, but is it always on the dest. page?
    also, how to paginate Atom feeds?
    this also involves redesigning the Discussion/content_page/Page/Identifier structure
      Just Discussion has_many Identifiers, and Page is transient during parse process.

      http://researchblogging.org/post-list/list/date/all?&offset=160 #(20*n)
      $('.articleContent').length // 20
      $('.articleContent h1 a[href]') // discussion researchblogging URL
      $('.articleContent h1 a[title]') // discussion target URL
      $('.articleContent .articleBox a[href]') // identifier URLs

  _ sketch designs for the frontend
  _ spike a mendeley frontend.
  _ build more loaders
  _ build rss/superfeedr loaders
  _ optimize, build bulk-identifier query API
  _ fix discussions API (RemoteJournalClub)
  _ pull title in backend
  _ reddit archive loader http://reddit.com/r/[subreddit].[rss/json]?limit=[limit]&after=[after]
  _ hackernews archive loader [~] curl http://api.ihackernews.com/new/s4MVPmPI3d|jsonpp
  _ queue-ify the discussions API.
  x multiplex the identifier worker.  Not needed: already threaded.
  _ get it deployable.
  _ handle HTTP 300 Multiple Choice responses from translation server
      # TODO: Handle HTTP 300 Multiple Choices:
      #
      # http://ehp03.niehs.nih.gov/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1289%2Fehp.120-a305
      #
      # gives response from translation server
      #
      # zotero(5)(+0000001): HTTP/1.0 300 Multiple Choices
      # Content-Type: application/json
      # {"10.1289/ehp.120-a305":"Purifying Drinking Water with Sun, Salt, and Limes","10.2166/washdev.2012.043":"Optimizing the solar water disinfection (SODIS) method by decreasing turbidity with NaCl"}
  _ fixup some HTTP 501 Not Implemented responses from translation server (presumably from non-[server] translators)
      # TODO: Fixup 501 Method Not Implemented ones like
      # http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/xsmc0/alzheimers_protein_could_be_used_to_reverse_the/
      # which links to
      # http://www.sciencenews.org/view/generic/id/342721/title/Alzheimer%E2%80%99s_protein_could_help_in_MS
      # which is identifiable in browser, but not in server :(
  _ canonicalize URL:... identifiers (trailing slash, url params, hash, etc.) in ZoteroXulrunnerIdentificationRequest#identifier_for
  _ handle multiple ISSN in ZoteroXulrunnerIdentificationRequest#identifier_for
  _ add an engine status page
  _ make use of reddit 'duplicates' http://www.reddit.com/r/science/duplicates/xx0xg/anthropologists_have_discovered_three_human/ for well-identified discussions?

sources:
  http://scienceblogs.com/catdynamics/2012/07/26/lhc-higgs-mass-vs-susy/
